# IF5250-deep-learning-18221109

## Nama: Iskandar Muda Rizky Parlambang
## NIM: 18221109

## Deskripsi Task: Topic Classification
**Topic Classification** merupakan task yang bertujuan untuk mengelompokkan teks (contohnya: artikel berita) ke dalam kategori-kategori yang telah ditentukan. Dalam tugas ini, model dirancang untuk mengklasifikasikan setiap artikel berita (dalam bahasa inggris) ke salah satu dari 120 topik yang tersedia, seperti music, soccer, politics, dan lainnya.

## Dataset: 
- **Nama Dataset**: Topic_Classification
- **Link Dataset**: https://huggingface.co/datasets/valurank/Topic_Classification
- **Bahasa**: Inggris
- **Jumlah Data**: 22.462 artikel
- **Jumlah Kelas**: 120 topik

## Contoh Isi Dataset:
- **Artikel**: "Ozzy Osbourne, 73, to undergo major surgery that could 'determine the rest of his life', says wife Sharon as she jets to Los Angeles to be by his sideOzzy was last publicly seen in May with the frail singer leaning on a cane as he walked The rocker has Parkinson's disease and previously suffered a nasty fall and dislodged metal rods placed in his spine following a quad-bike accident in 2003 Ozzy previously opened up about his Parkinson’s diagnosis in a candid interview on US TV, in which he admitted the condition is 'just another thing on my plate'He said: 'Well the one question from me was, "Is it a terminal illness?", and the guy says, "No, but life is" Published: 19:10 EDT, 12 June 2022 | Updated: 08:25 EDT, 13 June 2022 Ozzy Osbourne is having major surgery on Monday, which will 'determine the rest of his life'.The Dreamer hitmaker's wife Sharon revealed her plans to head back to Los Angeles from London to be there for her spouse as he undergoes the life-changing operation. The 73-year-old rocker, who was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2019, was last publicly seen in May - with the frail singer leaning on a cane as he walked.Speaking on the UK's The Talk on TalkTV, Sharon said: '[Ozzy] has a very major operation on Monday, and I have to be there. Medical attention: Ozzy Osbourne, 73, is having major surgery on Monday, which will 'determine the rest of his life' (pictured May 2022)'It’s really going to determine the rest of his life.'MailOnline has contacted a representative for Ozzy for comment. During her show Sharon, 69, added that the star still had plenty to look forward to after his operation as their son Jack’s baby daughter with fiancée Aree Gearheart is due ‘in about three weeks’.Meanwhile, the music manager and Ozzy will be celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary on July 1. Couple: The Dreamer hitmaker's wife Sharon has revealed she is heading back to Los Angeles from London to be there for her spouse as he undergoes the life-changing operation next week (pictured January 2020) Honest: Speaking on the UK's The Talk on TalkTV, she said: '[Ozzy] has a very major operation on Monday, and I have to be there' Ozzy revealed in January 2020 that he had been diagnosed with Parkin 2 - a form of Parkinson's which he said is the cause of nerve pain and leaves his legs cold. The No More Tears hitmaker's operation comes after the musician previously suffered a nasty fall and dislodged metal rods placed in his spine following a quad-bike accident in 2003.However, it was already known that he was due to undergo one more surgery. In April, Piers Morgan asked pal Sharon on Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV: 'How is Ozzy, my great man? Born to perform: Ozzy, pictured here on stage with Black Sabbath in 1978, was fired from the band in 1979 due to alcohol and drug problems Making music: Ozzy went on to have a successful solo career, releasing 12 studio albums, and has since reunited with Black Sabbath on numerous occasions (pictured 2010)'He is just one of my favourite people in the world. Been through the health wars a bit, how’s he doing?' PARKINSON'S: THE INCURABLE NERVE DISEASE THAT AFFECTS MILLIONS Parkinson’s disease affects one million Americans a year. It causes muscle stiffness, slowness of movement, tremors, sleep disturbance, chronic fatigue, an impaired quality of life and can lead to severe disability.It is a progressive neurological condition that destroys cells in the part of the brain that controls movement.Sufferers are known to have diminished supplies of dopamine because nerve cells that make it have died.There is currently no cure and no way of stopping the progression of the disease, but hundreds of scientific trials are underway to try and change that. In the US, physicians consider it largely one type of condition with various stages; young onset Parkinson's or atypical Parkinson's. In Europe, some doctors and researchers specify different types of the condition. Treatment is mostly made up of medication. In some cases, doctors perform Deep Brain Stimulation surgery to try to hit the nerves more directly. Sharon said the Black Sabbath rocker is keen to move back to England after his latest surgery.She replied: 'He’s doing okay, he sends you his love. He’s got one more operation left to do and then he’s dying to come back home.'Sharon's Ozzy health update comes after it was reported that they've applied for permission to build a rehab wing at their home in the UK.The Crazy Train hitmaker lodged an application requesting the green light for renovations at his Buckinghamshire mansion.The extension will feature a self-contained nurse’s flat as well as 'discreet grab rails and aids' and 'an abundance of stopping and sitting spaces'.The plans also include a 'health and exercise studio' as well as a 'pool house orangery' and 'garden room'.Architect Lynne Walker wrote in the plans: 'It is the ambition that the design creates a transition of flowing inside outside garden spaces, largely lit by natural light with folding doors opening up views.'A spokesperson for the Paranoid hitmaker has yet to comment on the renovation reports, but confirmed Ozzy - who was badly injured following his fall at home three years ago - is gearing up for another surgery on his 'back or neck'.Sharon recently admitted she now has to care for Ozzy 'a lot' because of his health issues.She said: 'It’s very difficult, because the combination of the Parkinson’s and his accident, you go, well, which one is this? Why’s this happening? Why’s that happening?'Ozzy previously opened up about his Parkinson’s diagnosis in a candid interview on US TV, in which he admitted the condition is 'just another thing on my plate'.He said: 'Well the one question from me was, "Is it a terminal illness?", and the guy says, "No, but life is".'It’s just another thing on my plate I have got to deal with. I’m not in the slightest worried about it. I’ve not got any secrets. The initial shock is I’ve got Parkinson’s.'Nobody knows what the f\*\*\* it is. I didn’t know anything about it apart from the name.'Ozzy was previously diagnosed with Parkin Syndrome in 2005. It has similar symptoms to Parkinson's. Making changes: Sharon, 69, said the Black Sabbath rocker is keen to move back to England after his latest surgery (pictured with daughter Kelly in January 2020) Advertisement"
- **Topik**: Music
